Fixes 249: Updated evaluation folder (#250)
hytest-org/hytest: evaluation/README.md

# Evaluation folder

The evaluation folder contains demos, tutorials, and resources for evaluating
model and forcing datasets. These datasets are not so different from one
another, as model outputs can be inputs for other models. An example is
CONUS404, a model output, contains forcings data variables that are used
in additional models.

An example can be found in the CONUS404 DRB tutorials, which go over the
process for evaluating forcings inputs (accumulated precipitation, net

> radiation, and mean temperature) of a model ouput (CONUS404).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
radiation, and mean temperature from the CONUS404 dataset), which is actually the output from an application of the WRF model.
```

> The *Metrics* notebooks above provide an overview of the different stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Metrics* notebooks above provides an overview of the different statistics
```

> The *Metrics* notebooks above provide an overview of the different stats

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Metrics* notebooks above provides an overview of the different statistics
```
